so this is actually gonna be a demo of
an older version of ffs p2p they have
this p2p command magic cicada is working
on a newer version but that's blocked in
a few other things that new version will
make it act more like sh - L basically
IVFs p2p is a really nice command that
allows you to proxy through to IP fast
nodes so you can have like some TCP
client on one side and an IP FS node and
I professed known the other side and
then finally a TCP server on the other
side and you connect through the ipfs
node to the other TCP server and it's
not like traverse firewalls and whatever
you want and just sort of like tunnel
through ipfs you know so to use this you
want to start up two servers I'm using
IPTV here so I already have two
configured you need to then run this
command here to enable stream mounting
so IPTV run 0 it was fermenting on 0 1
start them connect them ok now they
connected then you're gonna wanna open
up I listener on one of them so I'll do
that on one IPTV one one that's gonna
listen on port 1 2 3 4 and open a stream
for kick-ass let's see and I'm going to
want to let's see yeah then I'm gonna
run it if I can get my mouse to work
here T speed listener
on port 1 2 3 4 what this means now is
that when I connect to sorry when
someone opens a connection to the first
node or node 1 on with protocol kick-ass
its connect to port it's going to Ford
that to port 1 2 3 4 on localhost which
for to this now on the other side I'm
going to run that one sec I need to copy
a command here
zero
I need to actually connect to this node
what is that
which one
that should be fine oh damn it
but that shouldn't matter for this that
is incorrect because of the water this
here
yep there goes okay thank you it's
alright this command is being reworked
at the moment so now I can do NC in Keck
two-port 127.0.0.1 1 1 1 1 and you can
see the both connected so now like this
can actually happen across multiple
peers if you want to so ignore all the
commands have used here because they're
all going away in ginger but this is
shows you this works and it's pretty
cool
[Applause]